## getServerInfo

`getServerInfo(): Promise<object>`

Get status information about the server that the RippleAPI instance is connected to.

### Parameters

This method has no parameters.

### Return Value

```javascript
return api.getServerInfo().then(info => {/* ... */});
```

> `info` is an object structured like this:

```json
{
  "buildVersion": "0.24.0-rc1",
  "completeLedgers": "32570-6595042",
  "hostid": "ARTS",
  "lastClose": {
    "convergeTimeS": 2.007,
    "proposers": 4
  },
  "loadFactor": 1,
  "peers": 53,
  "pubkeyNode": "n94wWvFUmaKGYrKUGgpv1DyYgDeXRGdACkNQaSe7zJiy5Znio7UC",
  "serverState": "full",
  "validatedLedger": {
    "age": 5,
    "baseFeeXrp": 0.00001,
    "hash": "4482DEE5362332F54A4036ED57EE1767C9F33CF7CE5A6670355C16CECE381D46",
    "reserveBaseXrp": 20,
    "reserveIncXrp": 5,
    "seq": 6595042
  },
  "validationQuorum": 3
}
```


Parameter | Type | Description
--------- | ---- | -----------
buildVersion | string | The version number of the running rippled version.
completedLedgers | string | Range expression indicating the sequence numbers of the ledger versions the local rippled has in its database. It is possible to be a disjoint sequence, e.g. “2500-5000,32570-7695432”.
hostid | string | On an admin request, returns the hostname of the server running the rippled instance; otherwise, returns a unique four letter word.
ioLatencyMs | number | Amount of time spent waiting for I/O operations to be performed, in milliseconds. If this number is not very, very low, then the rippled server is probably having serious load issues.
lastClose | object | Information about the last time the server closed a ledger
*lastClose.* convergeTimeS | number | The time it took to reach a consensus for the last ledger closing.
*lastClose.* proposers | integer | Number of trusted validators participating in the ledger closing.
load | object | *Admin only* Detailed information about the current load state of the server.
*load.* jobTypes | array | *Admin only* Information about the rate of different types of jobs being performed by the server and how much time it spends on each.
*load.* threads | number | *Admin only* The number of threads in the server’s main job pool, performing various Ripple Network operations.
loadFactor | number | The load factor the server is currently enforcing, as a multiplier on the base transaction fee. The load factor is determined by the highest of the individual server’s load factor, cluster’s load factor, and the overall network’s load factor.
peers | integer | How many other rippled servers the node is currently connected to.
pubkeyNode | string | Public key used to verify this node for internal communications; this key is automatically generated by the server the first time it starts up. (If deleted, the node can just create a new pair of keys.)
pubkeyValidator | string | *Admin only* Public key used by this node to sign ledger validations.
serverState | string | A string indicating to what extent the server is participating in the network. See [Possible Server States](https://ripple.com/build/rippled-apis/#possible-server-states) for more details.
validatedLedger | object | Information about the fully-validated ledger with the highest sequence number (the most recent).
*validatedLedger.* age | integer | The time since the ledger was closed, in seconds.
*validatedLedger.* baseFeeXrp | number | Base fee, in XRP. This may be represented in scientific notation such as 1e-05 for 0.00005.
*validatedLedger.* hash | string | Unique hash for the ledger, as hex.
*validatedLedger.* reserveBaseXrp | integer | Minimum amount of XRP (not drops) necessary for every account to keep in reserve.
*validatedLedger.* reserveIncXrp | integer | Amount of XRP (not drops) added to the account reserve for each object an account is responsible for in the ledger.
*validatedLedger.* seq | integer | Identifying sequence number of this ledger version
validationQuorum | number | Minimum number of trusted validations required in order to validate a ledger version. Some circumstances may cause the server to require more validations.
